Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Um... excuse me. I'm so sorry
to disturb you. but are you...
Ah yes. I think I might be.
Oh my gosh! Olivia!
I mean...
I'm sorry. Miss Perkins.
I just... I wanted to tell you
how much I adored Love Bound.
I couldn't put it down.
That's so nice. thank you.
And Olivia is fine.
Um... would you mind?
Oh yes. of course.
Let's see here.
Thank you so much!
I can't wait for the next one!
Yeah. just working on it.
Cute.
Oh hey stranger.
Sorry. Been on a five hour Zoom
with the dev team.
Yeah. that's OK. I get it.
I have a surprise for you.
Ta-da!
Happy early anniversary!
Oh.
Olivia. I don't...
I know what you're thinking.
we are both crazy busy.
But. come on. we spent years
talking about this place.
and I think we've earned it.
Your app is blowing up.
I got the green light
on my next book.
Babe. we always promised
each other we would do this.
Get away. finally have a real
adventure together.
What do you say?
Olivia...
I'm sorry. I...
I actually think it might be
best if we broke up.
I'm sorry. what?
It's like you said.
you have the new book coming up
and this app is eating up
all of my time.
I just think we're on
different paths
in our lives right now and...
OK. let me get this straight...
I am here booking
our anniversary vacation.
and you are breaking up with me?
I've thought about it a lot.
and I think it's for the best.
Wh...
I promise this isn't easy for me
either.
OK. but...
Look. the last thing
either of us wants right now
is to say something
we'll regret.
- But...
- I'm gonna give you some space.
I'm really sorry. Olivia.
Me again! I almost forgot.
can... can I get a photo?
Thanks!
So. darling.
how's the outline coming along?
Yeah. good. Great.
Just chipping away at it.
Wonderful.
Can I know what it's about yet?
Yeah sure. It's... um... just...
You know what. I still have some
minor details to work out.
Dear. I hate to be a pest
and you know I adore your work.
but you have had
three extensions.
I know.
You are slated as our biggest
release of the season.
Your fans want a new story
with that trademark
Olivia Perkins voice.
Travel. adventure.
sizzling passion and romance.
I mean. we don't exactly need to
reinvent the wheel here.
You're right.
I just need a little more time.
I understand.
And you know I have nothing
but respect for the process.
but I'm gonna need that outline
soon.
Within 10 days.
Sorry. did you say 10 days?
Otherwise we'll need to bump
your release
and give your slot
to another author.
I'm sorry. darling.
I...
I will figure it out.
Don't worry.
Excellent. I'll be waiting.
OK.
Come in.
Morning. Your Highness.
Morning Winston.
You don't need to do that.
you know?
I can manage.
I am bound by Royal protocols.
sir.
A worthy read. sir?
Fantastic.
Adventure. mystery...
romance.
Don't suppose you see any of
that on my itinerary?
Doubtful. sir.
Tonight you and her majesty
are dining with the ambassador.
Then over the next
couple of days.
you'll be expected to
accompany her to the UN.
followed by social engagements
at the Guggenheim and the Met.
After that. well...
it won't be too long before
we'll have to fly back
to Torovia for the palace ball
in a week.
Winston. we need a holiday.
- A prince's work is never done.
- Mm.
However. the Palace did pass on
this letter from Dr Lee.
We're invited to a fundraiser
at the Haven Reserve.
Saturday week.
Marvelous.
It's been far too long.
- Can we attend?
- Sadly not. sir.
It will clash with the ball.
'Course it will.
Ah. Alexander!
Hello mother.
I'm glad you're back.
I've actually just rece...
Just one moment. darling.
I've just come from breakfast
at the Waldorf
and you'll never guess who
I happened to cross path with.
Lady Renshaw.
Catherine?
It was lovely to see her again.
wasn't it Ridley?
Oh absolutely. Ma'am.
I passed on your regards.
I can already tell we're going
to have a wonderful time
when we catch up properly
next week.
Next week?
Well. I invited her
to the palace ball.
It's going to be a splendid
evening.
Mother. we've been over this.
There was simply no...
spark between Catherine and I.
Don't be foolish. Alexander.
you two are a perfect match.
Besides. the people of Torovia
expected their prince
to be long since married by now.
How could I forget?
More importantly. darling...
some are like Catherine
could make you very happy.
I want to know that you're going
to be looked after.
It's a very lonely job
being a Head of State.
Pardon me. Ma'am.
but the car is here.
Thank you. Ridley.
Once we're back in Torovia
and you've had a chance
to catch up. you'll see...
Mother. I'm terribly sorry.
but I've just realised...
the ball is going to clash
with my appearance
at Dr Lee's fundraiser.
What?
What fundraiser?
On the Haven Isles.
Isn't that right. Winston?
That's... right. Your Highness.
- Why was I not informed of this?
- I'll look into this immediate...
There must have been a hiccup
somewhere along the line.
but they are expecting me.
And I'll be frightfully
embarrassed if I have to cancel
and cause a PR mess.
Very well.
Mark my words. Alexander.
when you're king
you won't be able to waste time
on these personal fancies.
Heaven above. you're worse
than your father was.
Thank you. Mother.
Winston. do me a favour and RSVP
to Dr Lee's fundraiser will you?
Sir. palace subterfuge rarely...
Very well. sir.
OK. Olivia. you got this.
Don't ask.
Sir. your coffee.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
So embarrassing.
I was somewhere else entirely.
Oh gosh. Are you alright?
Yeah. yeah.
- Don't worry about it.
- OK.
Strangely enough.
I actually just finished this.
Yeah. I've heard mixed things.
Really?
I think it's her best yet.
I loved every second.
Oh... ah...
Pardon me.
Have we met before?
I don't think so.
Ah... anyway...
Well. maybe next time.
Thank you.
Anything the matter. sir?
Special delivery.
Brought you food.
Thank you. but I'm not hungry.
Still gotta eat.
Every time I try
and write something romantic.
emotional or passionate.
I just hit a wall.
Then I usually take a nap.
Give it time.
you can't rush these things.
- Here.
- Mm-mm.
OK.
Mm...
taking a vacation?
- Hm?
- Mm.
No. that was a surprise
anniversary vacation
I booked for Kyle right before
he said we needed to break up.
We always promised each other
we would get away.
See something new.
have an adventure.
But. surprise. suddenly he is on
a different path.
Hey.
Are you OK?
I don't know.
I know I will get over Kyle
but...
what if this is permanent?
What if I can't write anymore?
Don't worry.
You'll get your groove back.
I promise.
Why don't we go?
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. it will be great.
You can still have
your adventure
and I could use the break.
We just wrapped
on spring fashion launch.
and I am exhausted!
- Katie...
- Mm-hm.
You know I have this deadline?
This could be the creative
inspiration that you need.
We can do fun stuff
during the day.
and you can write
during your downtime.
It could be exactly
what the doctor ordered.
Mm-hm?
- OK fine.
- Yeah?
Oh. we're going to
the Haven Islands. baby!
Whoo-hoo.
Look at all this.
they've got yoga in the jungle.
cocktails by the pool and...
oh wow. they've got snorkeling
on the reef.
Snorkeling?
In the middle of the open sea?
Katie. do you have any idea
what is out there?
- No!
- OK. OK.
I just thought you might be
feeling adventurous.
Oh wow!
I cannot wait to get a massage!
- Thanks so much.
- You're welcome.
Fresh air. blue skies and not a
sycophantic ambassador in sight.
Indeed. Your Highness.
It's good to be back.
Any messages from Dr Lee?
Ah. strangely none. sir.
Well. we are a few days early.
I'm sure they won't mind
if we pop by and say hello.
Certainly. I'll need a minute
to get the rest of the bags.
I'll see you there.
I'm gonna take the scenic route.
Alone. sir?
Winston. it's the Haven Isles.
I'm sure I can manage
a short walk on my own.
Very well. sir.
And while we're here.
try and enjoy yourself...
a little.
Alright?
Yes sir.
Would you look at this room?
Gorgeous!
OK. next up. pool bar!
No. I should get some work done.
So. write by the pool!
It's fine. you go ahead.
OK. suit yourself.
Catch you later.
Get outta here swans!
Bit of fresh air
never hurt anyone.
Hey. Here.
You've got to be kidding me?
Oh. sorry.
This can't be happening.
- Is everything alright?
- Ah.
What are you doing here?
I was about to ask you
the same question.
Have you lost something
or is it merely a fondness
for local plant life?
Oh. this? No. no. I was
actually...
just exploring the gardens.
you know.
getting off the beaten path.
Indeed.
Gathering inspiration
for you next novel.
Ah. Ooh. thank you.
Yes. yes. I was wondering if you
were going to pick up on that.
In my defence. I did think
you looked incredibly familiar
the entire time.
OK. my secret identity's
been blown.
but you have an answered
my question.
What are you doing here?
Ah... well. I...
Olivia?
Kyle.
Hey... there.
What brings you
to the Haven Isles?
Well...
you know. you always did make
this place sounds so great...
and I realised I could actually
really use a vacation.
Oh.
It's funny because last time
we spoke
you didn't really seem
in the vacationing mood.
I see you decided to come too?
I did. yes.
- I... I'm here with...
- Babe!
It's so beautiful here!
Oh. Hi.
- I'm Tiffany.
- Tiffany?
What a wonderful surprise.
I'm Olivia.
Oh.
I'm Alexander.
it's a pleasure to meet you.
Oh. Enchanté.
Ah... Kyle.
Pleasure.
So. how do you two
know each other?
Well. we met at a marketing
conference in LA
three weeks ago.
And I saw him speaking and I was
just blown away by his vision.
so I introduced myself. we hit
it off and now we're here.
- Isn't he spontaneous?
- Oh yeah.
Well. that's Kyle. you never
know what he's gonna do next.
Yeah.
Well. I better go unpack.
- But... don't be too long.
- Yeah.
OK. bye bye.
- See ya.
- OK.
- Isn't she a treat?
- Listen...
I know this must be
a bit strange.
Strange?
Why would this be strange?
I'm fine.
- Great even.
- OK.
Well. maybe we could go
grab lunch.
Well... lunch... the thing...
I...
Actually I believe we already
had lunch plans.
Didn't we. Olivia?
- We do?
- Mm-hm.
We do.
Yes. I am sorry Kyle... um...
- Alexander.
- Alexander and I have plans.
OK.
- Well. maybe another time.
- Great.
- We're here for a week. so...
- A whole week? How fun!
-Yeah.
- OK.
- Well. it was good to see you.
Oh. maybe let's do one of these.
- Sure.
- Yeah.
Great. Yeah.
- You take care.
Thank you... for that.
Don't mention it.
So that was...
My ex-boyfriend. Yep.
Yep. I thought they're putting
a thousand miles between us
- would give me some space...
- Hey? I was just coming to...
- Sure.
- Hi.
- I'm Katie.
- OK. We gotta go.
- Hey!
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Well. perhaps we'll...
bump into each other again.
You are not gonna believe
what just happened.
I cannot believe that guy.
So first he steals your vacation
and then he shows up with
his new girlfriend.
My app is taking up all my time.
Liar.
How am I supposed to work now?
The whole point was to get away
from my old life.
not have him greet me
and invite me to lunch.
Mm-hm.
Just give up now.
Relax.
There's still plenty of fun
stuff to do on this island
to get your mojo back.
And. speaking of which.
who was that charming young man
back there?
Some random guy I met
at a bookstore in Midtown.
- Small world.
- Very small.
Some might say it's destiny.
Reconnecting with a handsome
stranger
on an island in paradise.
- You done?
- Mm.
Hey!
Welcome back. Your Highness.
Hello Anna.
it's nice to see you again.
Sir...
Dr Lee sends his deepest
apologies.
I'm afraid he's needed
on the mainland.
A family matter.
Oh dear. I see...
It seems he'll be detained
for at least a fortnight.
And the fundraiser?
How will they...
They're not certain.
It may have to be cancelled.
Without a host...
No. that won't do.
They depend on those donations.
I can do it.
Sir?
I can host the fundraiser.
You. Your Highness?
Oh come on. Winston.
we've attended a thousand
formal functions.
We know what we're doing.
We know the drill.
And we have a week to prepare.
We can do this.
You'll be expected to prepare
a speech.
Mm.
I suppose you're right.
But my father helped build
this place.
It was our second home.
I have to help.
Oh. all afternoon and not even
two sentences to rub together.
Oh don't be so hard on
yourself. Give it time.
Ooh. molten chocolate cake.
- Hm?
- Yeah. whatever.
That doesn't sound like someone
who's having an adventure!
OK. I'm gonna go grab us some
cocktails. I'll be right back.
I will be here.
We must review the guest list.
The more attendees we can
motivate to become
regular donors the better.
Quite true. sir.
And yes. do not remind me...
speech.
Perhaps we'll...
Ah. forgive me. Winston.
just a quick detour.
Certainly. sir.
Oh and one small thing...
I'm not a prince. alright?
Sir?
Just follow my lead.
Well. this is certainly far more
pleasant than the bushes.
What can I say. I thought
I'd upgrade for the evening.
Forgive me.
this is my old friend. Winston.
Winnie for short.
Winnie. this is Olivia Perkins.
Charmed.
Oh... charmed also.
Oh. are you two here
on vacation together?
It's more of a business trip.
We're actually here for
the Marine Reserve fundraiser.
Really. what do you do?
I actually work with them...
For them.
Occasionally. you know.
just part-time. consulting.
that sort of thing.
working to protect the oceans.
That explains why you've
turned up
halfway around the world.
It does indeed.
As a matter of fact. since we
keep bumping into one another.
I was wondering if...
provided your free. of course.
if tomorrow perhaps you'd like
to sample
some of the recreation
activities on offer?
Actually I came here
to get some work done. so...
Well. hello there.
- Katie...
- Yeah.
..this is Alexander
and his friend. Winnie.
- Delighted to meet you.
- Charmed.
Winnie? That's adorable.
So. what are you boys up to
while you're here?
Well. I was actually just asking
Olivia if she was interested...
- Oh. we would love to.
- What do you mean?
- I have to...
- One moment. please.
- What are you doing?
These are charming.
interesting people
that are asking to hang out
with us.
Of course we're gonna say yes!
But the book?
This is for the book.
We are here to have an
adventure.
To do that you actually need
to do some adventuring.
Mm-hm.
Sorry. one more moment. please.
Yeah. thanks.
- I can't just run off and...
- Listen.
Can you imagine Kyle's face
when he sees you spending time
with a beautiful man
living your best life?
Hm?
- OK. I see your point.
- Great.
OK. it's settled. see you both
on the beach at 10a.m.
- Both?
- Perfect
- Great.
- Until tomorrow then.
- Mm-hm.
- Did she say both?
Yes.
Winston. I never knew
you were such a fine actor.
Ah... thank you. sir.
In fact. let's dispense with
the titles
for the rest of our time here.
shall we?
Inform the staff will you?
May I remind you again. sir.
that palace subterfuge rarely...
This is hardly the palace is it?
Nevertheless. you are. if I may
be so bold. playing with fire.
I know.
You think I should tell Olivia
who I really am?
And you're right. I will.
I promise.
It's just...
This is the first time
I've ever met someone
the way normal people do.
This is the first time I've ever
known what it feels like
to be normal.
And perhaps this way
she can get to know the real me.
As you wish...
Alexander.
Thank you.
I give you my word.
I will tell her.
Just...
when the time is right.
Yes. Ridley?
All seems well. Your Majesty.
The prince is being
rather social.
but I see no cause for concern.
Very well.
Please keep a close eye on him.
Don't worry. I'll make sure
there are no problems.
- Thank you. Ridley.
- Ma'am.
Now. remember. just relax
and have fun.
We're not gonna do anything
crazy.
Morning.
Just roll with it. Yeah?
Help.
May I? M-may I?
Yes.
OK. so the key to the forward
stroke is to use your core.
Rather than using your arms
like a bicycle.
try and twist your torso.
alright? It's a piece of cake.
- Like that?
- Yeah. there you go.
Yeah. like that.
Hey. I think I'm getting it.
Yeah. there you go.
- I'm getting it.
- Yeah.
Whoa!
Oh watch out. watch out.
Are you good?
Yes. Oh. Oh.
Whoa!
I'm sorry. what was that.
you said it was a piece of cake.
right?
Yeah.
-Where did you get that from?
I am just a talented person
really.
- Oh.
- Oh really?
Hey!
Hey guys.
Anyone feel like a game?
Oh. yeah babe. this isn't
really Olivia's kind of thing.
Oh. that's OK.
Actually. I'd love to play.
Thank you. Tiffany.
Great.
- You in?
- Absolutely.
- Here we go!
- Whoo-hoo!
Whoo!
Come on!
That was OK.
I think I did better than you!
- Yeah.
- Well come on. get into it.
Olivia!
Come on.
Maybe next time.
Kyle!
There we go.
Ooh.
Yes. Yeah-eah.
Kyle!
Yeah Olivia!
Thank you. Thank you.
It was on your side!
Yes!
Yeah! Whoo!
- Yeah. that's great.
- That's good.
Good game.
Yeah. you too.
See you guys around.
Ah...
Babe?
This vacation has been
my best idea yet.
Mm!
I mean. our best idea.
That's what I thought.
How was your lunch. Winston?
Quite excellent.
And yours. Your Highness?
- It's an old nickname. Right?
- Yeah.
Really?
Yeah. it's... it's a long story.
I-I feel like I've been
tidying up after him for years.
- Oh.
I'm so sorry.
Hey. I just had a thought.
I'm sure a Winnie will go
snorkeling with me. Right?
Oh...
Certainly. I'd be delighted.
Great.
Can we convince you guys
to join us?
- Alright. I'm convinced.
- Really?
No! You know how I feel about
snorkeling.
Well. I tried. Let's go.
Catch you kids later.
- Bye.
- See ya.
Something tells me
I'm not gonna be able
to convince you
to visit the reef.
And what possibly gave that
away?
- Well. we should...
- Do you want to go for a walk?
Maybe on the beach?
- Only if you...
- I'd love to.
Do we have any idea
who this woman is?
No Ma'am. I don't recognise her.
Ridley. I want you to ascertain
her identity.
Be discrete about it.
- Yes. Your Majesty.
- Thank you. Ridley.
No. don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
Well. this must be a big change
of scenery from Torovia.
Oh. a welcome one.
I can assure you.
What it's that bad?
Oh no. no. It's... it's quite
beautiful actually.
It's just. well. my family can
be a touch overbearing.
They must be proud of your work
though. right?
Alas. my mother had different
plans for my career.
Oh.
As she often likes to remind me.
Yeah. don't worry. that is not
exclusively a Torovian custom.
My mum still likes to remind me
it's not too late
to get into real estate.
Ooh.
Ever since I was a little kid. I
always dreamt of being a writer.
After I realised being
a princess
wasn't gonna work out for me.
What about your dad. what does
he think about what you do?
He passed away when I was a boy.
- I'm so sorry.
- No it's alright.
I was lucky.
We had some wonderful times
together.
He actually helped to establish
the Marine Reserve.
so we visited this island a lot.
He truly believed in giving back
and helping others.
And if I ever start to doubt
myself. I just think of him.
And this place
Does that sound corny?
Not at all.
What about you?
Do you have a place
you like to get away too?
Maybe Stella's sandwich shop
on West 34th.
Mm. that must be some sandwich.
I am telling you.
it will change your life.
Honestly. I've never really been
much further than Jersey.
Wait. but...
all those amazing globetrotting
adventures?
Made 'em up.
You disappointed.
On the contrary...
you're an even better writer
than I thought.
Thank you.
Does explain the kayaking
though.
Oh. don't get me wrong.
I always wanted to travel.
See something new. exciting.
different.
Really have an adventure.
you know?
And then once the books
took off.
it was all about
getting to New York
and meeting with publishers
and yada yada yada.
It just... I...
I've never had the time.
Well. you're here.
I mean. you did it.
Yeah. except I originally
booked this trip
for my anniversary with Kyle
right before he declared
that he didn't have time
for relationship.
- You're kidding?
- Mm-mm.
Turns out. plot twist.
he's a giant liar.
- Indeed.
- Yeah. I know how to pick 'em.
That's not even the problem.
The thing is my readers.
they love romance in my stories.
they expect this fairy tale
ending.
Every time I try and sit down
and write.
I just... I can't seem to find
the...
- Writers block?
- Yeah. it's pathetic. I know.
But I have this publisher
who's freaking out
on this deadline
and the whole thing is just...
Honestly. it's terrifying.
I don't blame you.
I'd probably be feeling
the same way.
But in all honesty...
and this is coming from one of
your biggest fans...
you don't owe anyone anything.
Take all the time you need.
And when you're ready
for another story...
I'll be waiting.
Um... we'll be waiting.
The... the fans. I mean.
- Yes. yes.
- Mm.
Would you mind calling my
publisher and passing that on?
Gladly.
Thank you for another lovely
day.
Oh. you are most welcome.
Look. not that I'm trying to
monopolise your time.
but would you go to accompany me
to the Marine Reserve
fundraiser?
Otherwise. it would just be
Winston and I.
and I'm really trying to get him
to take some time off.
I mean. I'd have to check
my schedule first.
Oh.
But I think we could make that
happen.
Wonderful.
- Goodnight Alexander.
- Goodnight Olivia.
- Come in.
- Hey.
Oh hi.
- Sir.
- Hello old fellow.
How was the reef?
- It was quite spectacular. sir.
- Good.
I trust you and Miss Perkins
had a pleasant time together?
What did you two get up to?
Um...
we went for a walk on the beach.
And?
To tell you the truth she is...
quite amazing.
It was nice.
What are you doing? What are you
doing... are... are you writing?
Are you back?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Yes. Yes.
- Will you relax.
- I am too busy been right. baby.
- Doing the dance?
- Ooh. ooh. ooh.
OK. OK. OK.
It may have been more than nice.
OK.
Now can I please
get back to work?
Sure.
Just because I'm gonna be
right over here.
Because I'm right!
She's perceptive.
witty and quite possibly
one of the most interesting
people I've ever met.
Present company excluded.
of course.
Ooh.
You do know how to flatter me.
sir.
However. if I may ask...
precisely which Alexander is she
getting to know?
The marine conservationist
or the prince?
I know.
I'm going to tell her. I'm just
waiting for the right time.
If I once again may be so bold.
sir?
Why are you so adverse
to sharing the truth with her?
Because the lie is so much more
pleasant.
Your Highness.
Very well.
Hello?
She didn't order anything.
Oh no. miss. this is a gift
from another one of our guests.
These guys.
Wow!
- Whoa.
- Yeah.
Do we need to sign or...?
Oh no. all taken care of. miss.
May I just confirm your name?
- Perkins.
- And your first name?
Olivia.
Thank you both so very much.
No. thank you.
Wow.
Your Majesty. I have a name.
Olivia Perkins.
American.
Writer. Popular fiction.
Father a refrigerator mechanic.
mother housewife
and part-time accountant.
Not exactly high society
are there?
No Ma'am. not exactly.
Never married.
Boyfriend six years separated.
Ridley...
we need to do something
about this.
Yes Ma'am.
Olivia.
Hi.
I was just getting some work
done.
Olivia. there's something I need
to tell you.
Yeah. what is it?
I've had such a wonderful time
these past few days.
But...
I'm afraid I haven't been
entirely... forthright.
OK.
What I'm trying to say
is that I'm...
- I'm a...
- Sir?
Sir...
Ah... Alexander.
Winnie. this isn't really
a good time.
I have a message from home.
- I'm sure it can wait.
- Sir. I strongly suggest...
I'm afraid it cannot wait. sir.
Your mother wishes
to speak with you immediately.
Ridley.
OK. what is going on?
Olivia. I can explain.
Your Highness?
Your High...
Queen is waiting. sir?
The Queen?
Olivia. you see. I'm sort of...
well... a prince.
- What?
- Let me explain.
A prince?
- Your mother is...
- Thank you. Ridley.
Olivia. I was going to tell you.
You were lying to me.
I swear. I...
Olivia please.
- How long have you been here?
- The Queen is waiting. sir.
Mother. how long has Ridley
been spying on me?
He's been doing precisely
as I asked.
Keeping an eye on you
and keeping me informed
of the mess you've been making.
Mess?!
What are you talking about?
Oh. come now. Alexander.
gallivanting around
with a commoner
like a schoolboy on holiday.
it's beneath you.
Mother. I haven't been...
You've left me no choice
but to intervene.
Now. for your sake and for
the sake of the family's image.
stop wasting your time
with this girl.
The instant this fundraiser
is over.
I expect you on the first flight
home
That is final.
Get out of here.
Sir. if I may.
Her Majesty's only doing what...
Did you not hear me. Ridley?
- A prince?
- Mm-hm.
A prince of what?
Prince Alexander the Third
of Torovia.
Wow. He's an actual prince!
He's an actual prince
who invented a fake identity
and has been lying to my face
for the past three days.
Yeah.
To be fair.
when you guys first met.
you kind of didn't tell him
who you were either.
OK. OK. Look...
I am sure that there's a perfect
explanation.
Maybe he wanted to keep
a low profile.
You know.
kick it with the normies.
Or maybe he didn't want to
freak you out..
The main thing is...
he is a prince!
And he's into you.
You're having an adventure.
What is the problem?
- He...
- You like him?
Just talk to him about it.
Wait a minute...
so if Alex is a prince.
what does that make Winston?
I don't know. his bodyguard?
His bodyguard.
Wow.
That is so hot.
- Huh.
- Oh.
Well hello. Your Highness.
Hey Alex.
I'm sorry.
I know. I know I should have...
Feeding me those lines about
saving the ocean.
that was a smooth touch.
Well. most of that was true.
But that doesn't change the fact
that I should have told you
the whole truth
from the beginning.
Winston virtually screamed it
at me.
Oh.
Olivia. I did what I did
because...
I wanted a chance to show
someone who I really am...
underneath.
And doing so allowed me
to get to know you.
Selfish though that may have
been...
I believe it was worth it.
Please allow me
to make it up to you.
No more secrets. I promise.
And perhaps a reintroduction
is in order.
Prince Alexander Barkley
the Third of Torovia.
Honoured to make
your acquaintance.
Alright. Your Highness...
I'm starving.
You can start making it up to me
by buying me lunch.
I'd be delighted.
Shall we?
Love.
Yes. Your Majesty?
Yes. I'm... I'm departing now.
Ridley. this business between
Alexander and the American...
is it just a fling or...
do you believe it's something
more serious?
Who can be certain. Ma'am.
All I can say. with confidence.
is I don't believe I've ever
seen the prince this invested
or...
this happy.
That's what concerns me.
Your Majesty. if I may?
Yes.
Perhaps...
Ridley?
Nothing Ma'am.
Forgive me.
Blast.
So do you have a crown
and a throne and all that stuff?
There are some family jewels
and there is a chair.
But they're only formalities.
And quite uncomfortable.
OK.
Do you live in a palace?
Indeed.
But it's frightfully draughty
in the winter
and mercilessly hot
in the summer.
OK. I've got a big question.
who is the most important
or memorable person
you have ever met?
You mean beside yourself?
Oh. well played! Very suave.
Thank you. Years of practice.
Welcome to the Haven
Marine Reserve.
The whole operation is supported
strictly by public donations
and fundraisers. so...
I try to support however I can.
I would imagine having a prince
on their team isn't half bad.
Well. you might think
differently when you realise
how quickly I put everyone
to sleep with my sp...
- Oh. blast.
- What?
I forgot I need to prepare
a speech.
Hey. it's no big deal.
It's just finding the right
words to capture
precisely what I want to say
has never exactly been
my strongest suit.
Is that so?
Oh. wow.
Beautiful.
There are over 5.000 species
that call the Haven Reef home..
- Did you just say 5000?
- And counting.
That's why it's imperative
that we do everything we can
to protect them.
Of course. in my opinion.
there's only one way
to truly experience the beauty
the reef has to offer.
I'm not so sure about this.
There's nothing to fear.
Um... just don't be alarmed
by the sharks.
Sharks!
They're only babies.
They won't do you any harm.
You ready?
Don't worry. it'll be worth it.
I promise.
Three. two. one.
Go!
So... worth it?
Totally!
- Yes!
- OK. you were right.
I suppose all we have to do
is take that first step.
So about that speech...
Yes. of course. thank you
for reminding me.
Well. actually I was thinking
you're lucky
you have a writer available
who can help.
You'd do that for me?
Well. I'm doing it
for the Marine Reserve.
OK. where do you want to start?
The Reserve. The mission.
Um...
Hello. Hm... what are you doing?
Hm?
That's the one.
- I have to take the babe.
- Again?
Hey yeah. what's up?
Yeah. yeah sorry.
OK. yeah. Keep me posted.
Babe. are you done yet?
Good evening everyone
and thank you for coming.
I will be your host tonight
so please bear with me.
- Where are we going?
- It's not much further.
Are you sure we're not lost?
I don't think so.
If we get lost in this jungle.
it's not gonna matter that
you're...
OK. Whoa.
- Charming. isn't it?
- Yeah.
Every chance we got my father
and I would explore this island.
I can see why.
Hey. wait for me!
Wow. it's beautiful.
Hey are you OK?
Yeah. I suppose it's just...
this island is where I felt
closest to him.
You know where I could
talk to him.
Just a boy and his father.
No Royal protocols.
I just wish I could visit here
more and do more
for the Marine Reserve.
Even do more to help
other places around the world
where conservation
is sorely needed.
Why can't you?
Sadly. when the crown
passes to me.
I won't get much of a chance.
You'll be the king.
you'll be calling all the shots.
"There'll be little time
for personal fancies."
My mother's words.
Doesn't she know how important
this is?
How much this means to you?
Tradition is everything to her
and once she's made up her mind
it's very difficult to sway it.
I get that.
But things change...
Alexander. and sometimes people
need to change. too.
I spent most of my life
being told I should give up
on what I love.
And I don't know much about
Royal protocols...
but I know you have to be honest
with yourself.
And you can't be afraid
to follow your dreams.
Regardless of what anyone says.
Now that was almost convincing.
Well. I suppose sometimes
you just have to take
that first step.
Oh right.
Yes. that's good advice.
Thank you. Thought so too.
So. how are we feeling about
that speech?
Ah yeah.
as ready as I'll ever be.
Thanks to you.
You said this would
just be the two of us
but you've barely spoken to me
since we got here!
We're talking right now.
aren't we?
You've been in meetings
the entire week!
- Come on. you're overreacting.
- Don't tell me I'm overreacting.
I'm not here to be
your arm candy!
I may as well have come
by myself!
- Tiff...
- Get off!
Enjoy your meetings.
Oh. sorry about that.
She's been feeling
a little stressed.
It's the reserve.
I should probably take this.
- But I'll see you tonight?
- Yeah. See you then.
Excuse me.
So. you two certainly seem to be
spending a lot of time together?
Yeah. it's nice to meet
new people.
You know. experience new things.
Yeah.
Sometimes.
Just talk to her.
Maybe try listening.
Hey and if that fails.
grovelling is always an option.
- That was almost supportive.
- Don't get used to it.
OK. OK.
Thanks. Olivia.
You know. that Alexander
is a lucky guy.
- Heya.
- Oh hi!
So. big night tonight. hey?
You're not gonna wear that
are you?
What? Why? What's wrong with it?
You're going on a date with
a prince!
And luckily you have me here
to help you.
OK.
You hauled all of that
to an island?
Hey! It's my job.
I have to be prepared
for anything.
You have a problem.
you know that. right?
We are gonna find you something
that's gonna make Alexander
go gaga over you.
Yeah. Our first contender.
Here.
Oh.
No.
I actually think I might like
this one.
No.
Nope.
No. No. No.
Mm-mm.
Out!
So-so.
No.
Oh.
Actually. no.
Are you coming out?
Well?
- OK. I'll take that as a no.
- It's a no.
Alright. time to widen
the search.
- No.
- What is wrong with this one?
You look like you're going to
the chapel
and gonna get married.
No.
Well?
What do you think?
Like I said... absolutely gaga.
I think you got it. old sport.
There's always time for one last
touch up. sir.
There... picture perfect.
Now are you certain
you don't need...
Winston relax.
I'll be just fine.
Enjoy your evening with Katie.
I'm sure everything will go
swimmingly tonight. sir.
Yes. Yes. I'm sure you're right.
May I ask if you've had any
thoughts about...
Going to explain to Olivia
that I have to return home to
Torovia tomorrow?
Yes.
Yes. Yes. I've given it
some thought.
I think I should...
Gaga.
You look...
amazing.
What this?
Found it in my luggage.
You don't look half bad
yourself.
Very princely.
Well. you can thank Winston
for that.
Never fails to have this old
thing on standby.
Well. I do take my duties
very seriously. sir.
Now then...
shall we?
We shall.
Catch you two later.
Shall we?
So... how is it so far?
Piece of cake.
- Wish me luck.
- You don't need it.
Good evening. everyone
and thank you for coming.
I will be your host tonight.
so please bear with me.
Here at the Haven Marine Reserve
the mission is to protect
and conserve this unique
and wonderful ecosystem.
and to inspire others to do
the same.
This is only possible
thanks to your generous support.
So from the bottom of our
hearts. thank you.
It's been one of the biggest
privileges of my life
to support this organisation.
Ever since I was a boy.
the Haven Isles have always been
like a second home to me.
Working alongside this
incredible team of people
was one of my father's greatest
passions.
And he always dreamed
he could do more.
As do I.
Recently. someone reminded me
that we mustn't be afraid
to pursue our dreams.
So I'd like to announce
my intention
to establish a foundation
in my father's name
to support not only this
facility
but to bolster nature
conservation all over the world.
We must all work together
to ensure that this
incredible planet
is protected
for future generations.
Thank you all so much
and enjoy your evening.
Whoo!
Nice speech.
Well. I can't take
all the credit.
I had help.
Would you care to dance?
I would love to.
You've done this before.
You think because I can't kayak
I wouldn't know how to dance?
Touché.
So...
is there any chance of a sneak
preview
of what you've been working on
the past few days?
I think my publishers
might object.
I mean. what if you leak
spoilers on social media?
Oh. come on. they won't let me
have passwords to anything.
I think your secret's safe
with me.
OK.
It is set on a tropical island.
and it features an everyday
woman
falling for a prince
in disguise.
You're far from everyday.
Alexander.
I wanted to thank you.
- For what?
- For everything.
For showing me this place.
For helping me see things
more clearly.
A girl could really get
used to this.
Alexander.
Mother.
What are you...
Darling. you know I would do
anything not to miss this.
I...
Forgive me. mother.
this is Olivia Perkins.
Olivia this is my mother.
Queen Patricia Barclay.
Your Majesty.
I have heard a lot about you.
Charmed I'm sure.
Shall we sit?
Don't worry.
everything's gonna be fine.
Who are you trying to convince?
Ma'am.
- I'll be back in a few moments.
- Thank you. Ridley.
- What is going on there?
- What?
Between your mother
and the undercover butler.
- You think...
- Yeah. I do.
So... I'm told we made some
rather sweeping statements
just before I arrived?
I was just speaking
of my intensions...
Darling. it's always wise
not to make such build promises.
We can discuss how we're going
to manage this on the way home.
I understand that you're
a writer. Miss Perkins?
Yes. Your Majesty.
I'm afraid I'm not familiar
with any of your work.
but I am told that you target
a less discerning audience.
so perhaps that's to be
understood.
After your little sojourn
with Alexander.
I certainly hope there won't be
any exaggerated
Royal caricatures in your next
effort.
I wasn't aware. Mother.
that you had such an interest
in Olivia's work?
No Ma'am. No caricatures... yet.
Please excuse me. Your Majesty.
Your Highness.
I've been asked to check
if the Prince is available
to join some of the other
donors for some photographs.
Not at the moment...
Oh Alexander. do go.
this is precisely the sort
of thing
you're always going on about.
A chance for more exposure
of this place.
And it'll give Olivia and I
a chance
to get to know one another.
Go. Do your thing.
Very well. just a few photos.
I'll be right back.
This way. sir.
Ma'am.
Olivia. I think we should use
this opportunity
to talk frankly.
- OK.
- Good.
I'll go first.
You're in love with my son.
- I'm...
- Oh heavens.
If I'm mistaken it would be
a wonderful relief.
so please do tell me if
I've misread the situation.
No. I thought not.
How concerning.
And what's even more concerning
is that my son appears
to reciprocate your feelings.
That presents a problem.
And do you understand why?
No. but I think you're about
to tell me.
Because you are out
of your element.
Olivia. the life of a king
is a life of commitment.
of consequence.
Alexander is far more
than a diplomat.
he's... he's a symbol.
The people expect much from him
and from his queen.
My son needs someone by his side
who understands his world.
someone who can support him.
who can protect him.
And I'm afraid that is not you.
Does Alexander get a say
in this?
Olivia. I treasure my son
more than you could know.
but he lives with his head
in the clouds.
Oh. perhaps he believes
you can be happy together.
somehow.
But. my dear.
I'm afraid that's simply not
the way the world works.
Very well.
Let's play out the scenario.
shall we?
Even if you were to transplant
your entire life to Torovia.
as king. Alexander's duties
and travel would be immense.
You'd barely see each other.
So there you are.
alone in a foreign land
with a lack of privacy that you
could not possibly imagine.
Every aspect of your day
meticulously planned.
Every moment scheduled.
Every movement tracked.
The public. the press.
all vying for a piece of you.
And soon. with Alexander's
mounting guilt
about your unhappiness.
he becomes distracted.
He makes mistakes.
That cannot happen.
Olivia. this is not your world.
You don't belong here
and you never will.
So if you do care for my son.
if you truly want
what's best for him.
then. please. before any more
damage is done...
leave him be.
We both know what he would say
if you asked.
but it wouldn't make
any difference.
Trust me.
it's easiest just to walk away.
Olivia...
all the best with your new book.
Where is Olivia?
Poor dear developed
a terrible headache
and decided to go back
to her room.
Oh. I should go check on her.
Nonsense. she knows how much
this evening means to you.
She insisted that you stay here
and enjoy the rest of the night.
Come now. let's go and have some
photographs taken together.
Olivia. hey. Whoa.
Is everything OK?
I bet that stuck up snob
said something. didn't he?
No.
I had a bad feeling about him
from the start.
Don't worry.
you're too good for him anyway.
Where's Tiffany?
Oh she...
decided that it would be better
that I...
focus on my career for now.
Hey. you know. I'm actually
really glad you're here.
There's something
I've been wanting to say.
I'm just gonna come out with it.
I think we made
a terrible mistake.
I know. it sounds crazy.
but having some time apart
and then seeing you again here.
suddenly everything is so clear.
I thought we were on different
paths. but...
but I was wrong.
I just want things to be back
like they used to be.
Let's get out of here.
And go home.
What do you say?
No.
What?
You don't want to be with me.
Honestly. I don't think you know
what you want. and that is OK.
I tell you. you were right about
one thing though.
Yeah?
We are on different paths.
Huh.
You take care. OK Kyle?
And a word of advice...
next time pick your own
vacation spot.
Yeah. that's fair enough.
Hey.
Oh. come here.
Olivia. it's Alexander.
are you feeling alright?
Olivia?
Alexander...
What is it?
From Katie.
It's nice and strong.
Mm. thank you.
- What did you do?
- Pardon?
What did you tell her?
Darling. I told her the truth.
nothing more.
Typical.
I should have known that you
would try...
Darling. don't be so dramatic.
I was acting in your best
interests. you know that.
Winston. would you please
help me pack our things.
We're returning to America.
Yes. Alexand...
Your Highness.
Alexander...
Alexander!
I forbid you from throwing away
your future
in pursuit of some schoolboy
crush with this middling writer.
Do you have any idea
how elitist you sound?
It is imperative that we
preserve our royal customs.
Our culture and our traditions
and everything. you know this.
And what about how happy
you said I could be
if I found the right person?
Remember that?
When did that change mother?
When did your pride
become more important
than our happiness?
How dare you!
You claim to act in my best
interests...
but what I have. I always felt
that my life
is just another bullet point
on your itinerary.
Alexander that is enough!
Do you know what the tragedy is?
You and I are in
precisely the same predicament.
What are you talking about?
Can't believe I never noticed it
until last night.
How long have you had feelings
for Ridley. mother?
Feelings?
Are you out of your mind?
Actually. it was Olivia
who pointed it out.
She knew immediately.
Quite perceptive
wouldn't you say?
Mother...
it's alright.
You can talk to me.
When your father died I...
I was so lonely.
Ridley was just so kind.
So considerate.
And you never once thought
of pursuing it?
We can't. It'd be a scandal.
Perhaps once.
But times have changed
and we have to change too.
We can't sacrifice what we know
to be right
because of our dated traditions.
Mother...
please don't make a mistake
you might regret forever.
And thank you...
for always being there for me.
I know it can't have been easy.
But I'm not a boy anymore.
And you have to trust me.
So. what do you think?
Just... absolutely... brilliant.
I mean. we all knew
you could do it.
Romance. royalty.
a tropical island.
It has everything!
Right.
Oh. excuse me.
Dumplings are here.
There's just one minor point
that jumps out to me...
- Yeah. come on up.
- One small note.
Sure what is it?
The ending.
I mean. they have to
end up together.
Why?
Because. darling.
readers want happy endings.
People want affirming.
uplifting stories.
I get that.
But life is complex
and unexpected and weird
and sometimes things
don't work out.
But your readers expect...
fairytale endings.
that's why they're reading.
Well. I am telling it like it is
and fairytale endings
don't happen.
I don't know if I believe that.
How did you know where I...
- Hi.
- Seriously?
Look. I know you're freaking
out.
but just let us in
and we will explain.
Olivia. please hear me out.
But what are you doing here?
Well. while I'm here.
I'm taking a series of meetings
for my new foundation.
But the real reason I came
was to see you.
Olivia. I'm so deeply sorry
for what happened.
but I couldn't leave things
as they were.
Not when I feel the way I do
about you.
Ah... darling. hello?
Alexander we don't have to
do this.
Just go do your kinging
with someone appropriate to do
the queening
and I will move on with my life.
Olivia. please believe me
when I say
you're the only person
I'm interested in being with.
Have you run this past
your mother?
Because I think she might have
other plans.
About that.
- OK. what is happening now?
- Trust me.
Your Majesty.
Hello again. Olivia.
Who is that?
I wish to apologise.
I was frightfully rude and
meddling where I shouldn't.
Thank you.
Actually. it is I who should
thank you.
Truth is I've always been
committed
to protecting my family.
but somewhere along the way
I lost sight of what that is
supposed to mean.
A mother should respect
her child's choices.
And not let antiquated ideas
get in the way
of their happiness.
Or her own.
Nice to see you again. Ma'am.
Please accept my apologies for
my deception on the Haven Isles.
Don't mention it.
We couldn't have done this
over the phone?
Well. that's not very princely.
is it?
Would you give us a moment.
please?
- Lunch. Ridley?
- I'd be delighted.
Do you remember when I told you
I'm not very good
at finding the right words to
capture precisely what I feel?
Well...
I'm in love with you.
That wasn't bad.
Olivia. I must confess...
a royal life can be challenging.
there are compromises
and expectations.
But. if you're willing to try...
I promise you we could have
an amazing adventure.
What do you say?
I think I might take one more
shot at that fairytale ending.
Darling. can I just clarify.
when you say fairytale ending
do you mean the two of you
or the book?
Both.